<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<title>Insert title here</title>
</head>
<body>

	
	<ui:composition template="/xhtml/common/seeLayout.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="mainContent">
			<f:view transient="true">
				<div class="wrapper1 col2">
					<div id="form_wrapper" class="form_wrapper_display">
						<h3>Who  Are WE?</h3>
					<p>The Radiation Group Inc. was established in 2003 and is based in Orange County, California. Our principal, <strong>Munir Shoga</strong> has worked in the radiation effects industry for over <strong>30 years</strong> supporting major aerospace companies and their contractors. He has a Ph. D. degree in electrical engineering, holds four US patents, and has extensive experience in radiation effects on space and ground systems.</p>
					<p>A group of scientists and engineers with wide range of expertise are available, if needed.</p>
					<p>Radiation Group Inc. provides radiation effects analysis and test services for space, avionics, and ground systems. :</p>
					
					<h3>Our Experience</h3>
					<ol style="text-align: left">
					<li>Radiation assessment of ~75 space craft program.</li>
					<li>Over 2000 hours of beam time test experience in single event effects, prompt dose, total ionizing dose, and displacement damage testing.</li>
					<li>Tested complex parts include FPGAs, Processors, memory devices (DDR1, DDR2, DDR3, Flash NAND, SRAM, Quad Data Rate(QDR), Synchronous SDRAM, etc.), Digital signal Processor(DSP), PLLs, etc., </li>
					<li>Performed TID, displacement damage, prompt dose testing and analysis on many part types.</li>
					</ol>
					</div>
				</div>
			</f:view>
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>


</body>
</html>