<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<title>Insert title here</title>
</head>
<body>


	<ui:composition template="/xhtml/common/seeLayout.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="mainContent">

			<h:outputStylesheet>
        .rf-ac {
        width: 500px;
        }
 
        .rf-ac-itm-c {
        height: 220px;
        }
    </h:outputStylesheet>
			<f:view transient="true">
				<div class="wrapper1 col2">
					<div id="form_wrapper" class="form_wrapper_display">
						<h3>Frequently Asked Question</h3>

						<h:form>
							<rich:accordion switchType="client" itemHeaderClass="col1" itemActiveRightIcon="/resources/images/up.jpg" itemInactiveRightIcon="/resources/images/down1.jpg">
								<rich:accordionItem header="What is Radiation Tool Set?">
									<p>
									Radiation Tool Set is a WWW based set of engineering tools providing design engineers and 
									scientists necessary analytical tools to evaluate electronic components for radiation effects on space, avionics, networks, and medical devices. 
									With the Radiation Tool Set, you can analyze SEU data, Fit proton test data to a Weibull, fit heavy ion data to the 7-parameter HICUP  model, 
									look up radiation data on a large collection of parts database
									</p>
								</rich:accordionItem>
								<rich:accordionItem header="What are the features of Radiation Tool Set?">
									<p>
									An important feature of Radiation Tool Set is the possibility to add more tools that is necessary for radiation analysis and assessment. 
									Another feature is the Radiation Tool Set working environment. Each user has a permanent personal account. 
									This approach ensures that the inputs to the models and the results of the computations are not lost when leaving 
									Radiation Tool Set. Comparison of different runs is easy; thanks to the possibility to define several projects, each 
									characterized by its own set of inputs. 
									</p>
								</rich:accordionItem>
								<rich:accordionItem header="How do I subscribe?">
									<p>
									Simply fill in this form. Please take the time to fill all the queries (it takes less than 3 minutes!), it allows us to better serve you. 
									An annual fee of $300 will be required. This is necessary in order to add more tools and keep the web-site in order.
									</p>
								</rich:accordionItem>
								<rich:accordionItem header="What is the access policy?">
									<p>
									Please consult the Terms and Conditions, <a href="#">here</a>. 
									</p>
								</rich:accordionItem>
								<rich:accordionItem header="How can I send feedback to the Radiation Tool Set team (suggestions, comments, bug reports)?">
									<p>
									You can use the bottom tool bar included on all the Radiation Tool Set pages to either report a bug, access the Radiation Tool Set forum or contact the Radiation Tool Set team.
									</p>
								</rich:accordionItem>
								<rich:accordionItem header="What kind of software do I need to run Radiation Tool Set?">
									<p>In order to use the Radiation tools on this server, you do not need any additional software, just a client application such as FireFox, Internet Explorer or Safari. Radiation Tool Set is known to work fine on a wide variety of browsers.</p> 
								</rich:accordionItem>
							</rich:accordion>
						</h:form>
					</div>
				</div>
			</f:view>
		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>


</body>
</html>